## New version: CPH2583\_15.0.0.821(EX01)

A new software update is now available for your Android smartphone.

### Apps

• Fixes an issue where photos might be accidentally deleted by a third-party app. When this happens, you will receive a notification to review deleted photos in Recently deleted.

### Security & privacy

• You can now protect your recently deleted items in the My Files, Notes, and Photos apps with a password for added privacy.

• You can view storage usage by apps and the system when freeing up space using Phone Manager.

•During Screen sharing, you can block specific apps and notifications. This feature is available in "Settings - Security & privacy - Screen sharing protection".

### System

• Improves the visuals for individual notifications, notification stacks, and user interactions with these notifications on the Lock screen.

• You can now enter Lock Screen Magazine by swiping right on the Lock screen.

• Adds the Drag & drop feature that allows you to use the gesture to perform actions on images and text in third-party apps. This feature can be turned on or off in "Settings - Accessibility & convenience - Drag & drop".

• The size and position of floating windows are now saved for more convenient usage.

• Redesigns the app drawer for a more consistent visual style, improving usability throughout the interface.

• Improves the user interface and icon designs.

• Improves the user experience of floating windows.

• Integrates the May 2025 Android security patch to enhance system security.

### Note:

Data rates may apply.

Please do not turn off your device while the update is being installed. During the installation, your device will be temporarily unavailable, even for emergency calls to 911.
