New version: CPH2583\_15.0.0.832(EX01)
--------------------------------------

A new software update is now available for your Android smartphone.

### Games

• Introduces Game Camera, which provides Live screenshots and Flashback recording to help you capture your epic gaming moments.

### Communication & interconnection

• Adds remote control support for Windows PC. You can now control your PC and access PC files remotely with your mobile device.Improves the cellular network algorithm for smoother network connections.

### Multimedia

•Adds the Speaker cleaner feature, which can clean speakers and ensure optimal speaker performance. You can change the settings for this feature in "Phone Manager - Tools - More - Accessibility & convenience - Speaker cleaner".

### Apps

•Adds the Drag & drop feature that allows you to use the gesture to perform actions on images and text in third-party apps. You can change the settings for this feature in "Settings - Accessibility & convenience - Drag & drop".

### System

•You can now perform fuzzy searches with spaces in Settings.

•You can now search for app names in Settings to quickly view app details or manage apps.

•Improves the floating bar responsiveness of floating windows.

•Improves the animation when exiting the Quick Settings and Notification drawer for better responsiveness and smoother transitions.

•You can now seamlessly open an app from quick functions when the screen is locked.

•When notifications are stacked, the latest notification will now display a summary showing the number of undisplayed notifications and their sources.

•Optimizes the display order of search results in Settings.

•Integrates the June 2025 Android security patch to enhance system security.

### Note:

Data rates may apply.

Please do not turn off your device while the update is being installed. During the installation, your device will be temporarily unavailable, even for emergency calls to 911.
